add information on enabling debugging info (#2670)
wireapp/wire-server: docs/src/how-to/administrate/users.rst

* `$EMAIL_CODE` is the validation code received by email after running the previous script/command
* `$TEAM_CURRENCY` is the currency of the team
* `$TEAM_NAME` is the name of the team

Enabling debugging for backend services
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

By default, backend services (pods) might not output as much information as needed to resolve specific issues.

You can change this for any of the services by editing its configuration.

> For example, to enable debugging for the `cargohold` service, you can edit the `cargohold` configuration in your ``values.yaml``:

Reviewer: *debugging* is a term that's usually used differently in software engineering (`gdb`, break points, *DWARF* debug symbols, ...). I would refer to *debug logs* or better *log level debug*.

```suggestion
For example, to enable debug logs for the `cargohold` service, you can edit the `cargohold` configuration in your ``values.yaml``:
```

.. code:: yaml

   cargohold:
      replicaCount: 3
      config:
         logLevel: Debug
         aws:
            s3Bucket: prod-assets-test
            s3Endpoint: https://s3.us-east-1.amazonaws.com
            s3DownloadEndpoint: https://s3.us-east-1.amazonaws.com

The possible values for ``logLevel`` are:

* ``Debug``
* ``Info``
* ``Warn``
* ``Error``
* ``Fatal``

> * ``Trace``

Reviewer 2: Would it be worth exposing here what each of these levels mean?

Reviewer: At least, I would order them by severeness and explain that some of them may leak secret information (`DEBUG` and `TRACE`).

Author: what is the order?

Author: ```
/nix/store/vdqarafm2zrvw7892cvi4gq540b8d07q-tinylog-0.15.0-doc/share/doc/tinylog-0.15.0/html/System-Logger.html: openFile: does not exist (No such file or directory)
```
